---
title: "The SIGIR-23 Workshop on Knowledge Discovery from Unstructured Data in Financial Services"
layout: splash
permalink: /call_for_papers
header:
  overlay_image: "/assets/images/home_splash_nyc.png"
  #caption: 'Photo by <a href="me">me</a> on <a href="me">me</a>'
excerpt: "<br/>Call for Papers<br/>"
---

<h2>Call for Papers</h2>

We invite submissions of original contributions on methods, theories, applications, and systems on artificial intelligence, information retrieval, natural language processing and understanding, and deep learning, with a focus on <i> knowledge discovery in the financial services domain <i>. The scope of the workshop includes, but is not limited to, the following areas:

- AI and IR technologies for business document understanding for financial corpora, including searching and question answering systems, understanding and reasoning over non-textual content such as tables and graphs;
- representation learning, and distributed representation learning and encoding in natural language processing for financial documents;
- language modeling on financial corpora including tabular and numerical data, and multi-modal modeling;
- multi-source knowledge integration and fusion, and knowledge alignment and integration from heterogeneous data;
- reconciling unstructured knowledge with structured knowledge and human expertise;
- named-entity disambiguation, recognition, resolution, relationship discovery, ontology learning and extraction in financial and business documents;
- AI-assisted domain data tagging, labeling, and annotation for IR tasks;  automatic data extraction from financial filings and quality verification; 
- corporate ESG event discovery, evaluation, and impact assessment;
- event discovery from alternative data and impact on corporate equity pricing;
- AI and IR systems for financial risk assessment on financial legal documents such as contracts and prospectuses;
- verifying facts and statements generated by large pre-trained language models using IR and knowledge discovery;
- IR or QA techniques and applications on financial documents leveraging large language models.


Although textual data is prevalent in a large amount of finance-related business problems, we also encourage submissions of studies or applications pertinent to finance using other types of unstructured data such as financial transactions, sensors, mobile devices, satellites, social media, etc.

<h2>Submissions</h2>

We invite submissions of relevant work that be of interest to the workshop. All submissions must be original contributions that have not been previously published and that are not currently under review by other conferences or journals. Submissions will be peer reviewed, single-blinded. Submissions will be assessed based on their novelty, technical quality, significance of impact, interest, clarity, relevance, and reproducibility. All submissions must be in PDF format and follow the current ACM two-column conference format. We accept two types of submissions:
- full research paper: no longer than 9 pages (including references, proofs, and appendixes).
- short/poster pape: no longer than 4 pages(including references, proofs, and appendixes).
  
Submission will be accepted via Microsoft CMT. All accepted papers will be presented in the workshop. At least one author of each accepted submission must attend the workshop to present their work. 


